README.md, before:

# MAWAQIT Smart Display [![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v2/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)
Smart Mosque Display for Android compatible TVs, BOXes, and Tablets.

<a href="https://opensource.org/"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33727630/152268395-25a1f2e8-92a7-4690-9f85-857fd9936d93.png" height="170" /></a>


Mosque Admins and users at home are free to use this our Smart Mosque Display to get the accurate prayer times and useful Mosque information.

This app is a replacement of the Raspberry Pi version. with all supported features. connect to your mosque and feel free to use it for up to a full year with no internet connection. 

MAWAQIT is a nonprofit organization, and a proud member of the Open source community. We provide the Muslim community with great and beautiful tools, 100% free and without any Ads (or user tracking). Find more about us <a href="https://wiki.mawaqit.net/">on our WIKI page</a> and on our <a href="https://mawaqit.net/">Official Website</a>. 

Transparency has always been among our core values. We value transparency, and we value our user's right to privacy by not gathering, sharing or even asking for our user's private information.

___
### OPEN SOURCE INITIATIVE
MAWAQIT is a proud member of the Open Source Initiative (OSI). We create, promote, and encourage the use of open-source software.
___
## COPYRIGHT
<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://github.com/mawaqit/android-tv">MAWAQIT Smart Display</a> © 2022 by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://mawaqit.net">MAWAQIT</a> is licensed under <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International</a>

<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/nc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/sa.svg?ref=chooser-v1"></p>

This license lets others remix, adapt, and build upon our work non-commercially, as long as they credit Mawaqit and license their new creations under the identical terms.

To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

Intellectual property and copyrights of this application or its plug-ins, add-ons or content are owned by MAWAQIT.
Other content, plugins and addons used are owned by their respective creators (please see the credits section)

This version is licensed only for charitable distribution and is a dedicated endownment (Waqf fi sabili Allah).

Any commercial use or commercial distribution is STRICTLY PROHIBITED.

This license requires that reusers give credit to the MAWAQIT. It allows reusers to distribute, remix, adapt, and build upon the material in any medium or format, for NON COMMERCIAL purposes only. If others modify or adapt the material, they must license the modified material under identical terms.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Links generated by :
https://chooser-beta.creativecommons.org/

View License Deed :
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0

View Legal Code:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode

___
## DONATE
This project is freely available under simple legal terms because of MAWAQIT, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and ❤️ love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
👉 https://donate.mawaqit.net/

Commit message:

feat: Add setup and build scripts for automated code generation and git hooks

README.md, after:

# MAWAQIT Smart Display [![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v2/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)
Smart Mosque Display for Android compatible TVs, BOXes, and Tablets.

<a href="https://opensource.org/"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33727630/152268395-25a1f2e8-92a7-4690-9f85-857fd9936d93.png" height="170" /></a>


Mosque Admins and users at home are free to use this our Smart Mosque Display to get the accurate prayer times and useful Mosque information.

This app is a replacement of the Raspberry Pi version. with all supported features. connect to your mosque and feel free to use it for up to a full year with no internet connection. 

MAWAQIT is a nonprofit organization, and a proud member of the Open source community. We provide the Muslim community with great and beautiful tools, 100% free and without any Ads (or user tracking). Find more about us <a href="https://wiki.mawaqit.net/">on our WIKI page</a> and on our <a href="https://mawaqit.net/">Official Website</a>. 

Transparency has always been among our core values. We value transparency, and we value our user's right to privacy by not gathering, sharing or even asking for our user's private information.

___
### OPEN SOURCE INITIATIVE
MAWAQIT is a proud member of the Open Source Initiative (OSI). We create, promote, and encourage the use of open-source software.
___
## COPYRIGHT
<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://github.com/mawaqit/android-tv">MAWAQIT Smart Display</a> © 2022 by <a rel="cc:attributionURL dct:creator" property="cc:attributionName" href="https://mawaqit.net">MAWAQIT</a> is licensed under <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International</a>

<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/nc.svg?ref=chooser-v1"><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/sa.svg?ref=chooser-v1"></p>

This license lets others remix, adapt, and build upon our work non-commercially, as long as they credit Mawaqit and license their new creations under the identical terms.

To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0

Intellectual property and copyrights of this application or its plug-ins, add-ons or content are owned by MAWAQIT.
Other content, plugins and addons used are owned by their respective creators (please see the credits section)

This version is licensed only for charitable distribution and is a dedicated endownment (Waqf fi sabili Allah).

Any commercial use or commercial distribution is STRICTLY PROHIBITED.

This license requires that reusers give credit to the MAWAQIT. It allows reusers to distribute, remix, adapt, and build upon the material in any medium or format, for NON COMMERCIAL purposes only. If others modify or adapt the material, they must license the modified material under identical terms.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Links generated by :
https://chooser-beta.creativecommons.org/

View License Deed :
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0

View Legal Code:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode

___
## DONATE
This project is freely available under simple legal terms because of MAWAQIT, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and ❤️ love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
👉 https://donate.mawaqit.net/ 

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for details on our code of conduct and the process for submitting pull requests.
